Updating production guide with information about switching from ipv4 to ipv6 (#13577)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/guides/src/main/server/configuration-production.adoc

To find out more about using multiple nodes, the different caches and an appropriate stack for your environment, see the <@links.server id="caching"/> guide.

> == Stack and address preference

Reviewer: I'd suggest `Configure Keycloak Server with IPv6 or IPv4`, but this is not a dealbreaker to merge, only a suggest to make things easier to search.

Author: Done.

The system properties `java.net.preferIPv4Stack` and `java.net.preferIPv6Addresses` are used to configure the JVM for use with IPv4 or IPv6 addresses.

> With Keycloak, in order to run using IPv4 addresses, you need to specify `java.net.preferIPv4Stack=true`; in order to run with IPv6 addresses,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Keycloak uses the IPv4 address stack by default. In order to run with IPv6 addresses,
```

Reviewer 2: @pedroigor This is the default, so there is not really a "need to specify" it, right?

Author: Changed.
